Reframe limited principle of omniscience and variants in terms of decidable subtypes (#1404)
UniMath/agda-unimath: src/elementary-number-theory/lower-bounds-natural-numbers.lagda.md

  pr1 (is-lower-bound-ℕ-Prop x) = is-lower-bound-ℕ P x
  pr2 (is-lower-bound-ℕ-Prop x) = is-prop-is-lower-bound-ℕ x
```

> ### If `P` is decidable, so is being a lower bound for `P`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### If `P` is a decidable subtype of `ℕ`, then being a lower bound for `P` is decidable
```

```agda
module _
  {l1 : Level} (P : decidable-subtype l1 ℕ)
  where

>   is-decidable-is-lower-bound-decidable-subtype-ℕ :

Reviewer: `abstract`
